All people have a side of
themselves they can't reveal to others.
To friends, to lovers, or even family.
They hide with their fake smiles
and bluffs their real intentions...
...and their true colours.
That is how the world...
...is mending a temporary peace.
In an era in which the nations...
...of the world were
waging a fierce war...
...were two countries
at each other's throats.
Ostania in the East,
trying to wage a war,
and Westalis in the West,
trying to stop it.
To find out what a certain key person
of the Ostanian government was up to,
Westalis commenced Operation Strix.
They left the execution
to their top agent, Twilight.
And the mission given to him,
who could use a hundred different faces...
...was to make a family.
In this world like nuts packed in a bag,
Everyone is snuggling up to
someone they meet
We are mixed in there and smiling
By pretending we are all nuts like peanuts
On the template of happiness,
Behind the surface
which is literally picturesque
We can't be as we are,
Even when we put our hands
together sitting around a table
Home with full of secrets
and patches, you know?
Even though I chew up the real emotions,
They still don't disappear
They are still stuck in my teeth
My life is so insecure and drifting,
And I know
Every day is so mediocre,
but I'm here and so are you
Just by this truth,
my stomach feels heavy
(Ostania, Berlint Park Ave. 128)
Is that all...
...for your stuff?
Yes.
That's an awful few.
Um, Loid... What about the bedroom?
Of course, we have one for each.
We'll just make it look like we're
sleeping together when there's a guest.
O-Okay.
Welcome to Anya's home!
I'll be in your care, Anya.
In this place was a rather unusual family.
The father, Loid Forger.
A psychiatrist.
Identity: a spy.
Codename: Twilight.
The mother, Yor Forger.
A public servant.
Identity: an assassin.
Codename: Thorn Princess.
The daughter, Anya Forger.
Identity: an Esper.
Anya's so happy to finally have a mother!
Mother...
Helping out~
Oh, yeah. By the way...
Through the connections of a judge I knew,
I was able to change the date of our
marriage certificate to a year ago.
It's forged, actually.
As for the reason why
we'd been living separately,
and the excuses of all kinds
to tell your brother,
we can just think
about them later.
Okay.
If I arranged for the registration
to be just before the exam,
the school would be suspicious of us.
"Shopkeeper" has also given me permission,
so I can relax for now.
So exciting...
The father, the mother, and the daughter.
For each of their own interests,
these three individuals...
...decided to live together
as a pretend family...
(Mission: 3 - Prepare for the Entrance Exam)
...while hiding their identities.
Anya will show Mother around!
We'll be having a mock
interview when you're done.
This is the kitchen!
Father's so good at cooking!
Is that so?
This is the toilet.
That's the bath!
So sparkling!
Anya can wash face alone.
Good girl, Anya!
This is Anya's room!
Welcome!
Heheh... Excuse me.
Wow, what a cute room!
I'll introduce you to Chimera~
I'm Chimera.
Pleasure t' meetcha.
It's a pleasure to meet you, Chimera.
I'm Anya's mother.
Father's room!
So this is Loid's room...
This is Mother's room.
Come on in, Mother.
Excuse me, then...
So this is my room...
It's a wonderful room!
Glad to hear that.
This should be everything.
What do you think of
the furniture's placement?
I've also done a bit of cleaning earlier.
It's good.
Anya also helped with the cleaning!
Oh, really? Thank you!
Hehe... Is Anya a good girl, Father?
All you did was flip
the bucket full of water.
Gah!
I don't think I deserve to
be lent such a wonderful room...
What are you saying?
Just think of it as your own home...
Or rather, this is your home,
so feel free to use it any way you like.
Okay!
I'll fetch the unused
cardboard boxes later.
I'm done with the unboxing, Loid!
That's so quick of you.
So he's the brother
you've been talking about?
Ah, yes.
He's a fellow public servant as you, right?
Yes. He's been looking so busy these days...
So we could only talk through phone.
You two really look alike.
I should say hello to him
after Anya's interview...
Um, about that, Loid...
I don't have the suitable outfit
to wear for the interview...
Well, we can just go to the tailor today.
Thank you!
Helping out, helping out~
Oh, let me unbox it myself, Anya!
That box contains my "tools" for work and
poison that can bring down an elephant...
What will you have?
I'll have black coffee, please.
Anya wants cocoa!
With sugar and milk, that is.
That's the one!
Wow! You made the cookies yourself?
It's actually my first time making some.
I did it by the book,
so the cookies should turn out well.
I hope they suit your taste.
I'll have one, then.
It's so tasty!
You really are good at cooking!
Oh, you flatter me.
Anya also helped out with the cookies!
You did?
All you did was get yourself
covered in flour,
and keep snatching the
peanuts for the cookies, right?
Huh!
Let's begin the mock interview after a cup.
Eden Academy is a top-class
elite school in the country.
The child as well as the parents
are screened in the interview.
Your family's overall quality and
education will be tested.
Are we clear?
Here comes the first question, then.
Could you please tell me
your name and address?
Anya F-F-F-Fo-Forger...
Add ress?
It means this place.
Anya's home!
Not that.
Uh, what do you do
on the weekends, Miss Anya?
Father always tells me to stay home,
so I watch TV all by myself!
Hold on...
That's a bad impression. Ma'am.
Yes!
Could you please tell me the reasons
you're dead set on Eden Academy?
The reasons? Dead set?
Dead... Dead...
The reasons include cardiopulmonary
arrest, excessive bleeding...
Complex fracture of the whole body,
and also cranial depression...
Let me change the question.
What is your education policy?
Huh? Um...
Aim for the first strike?
I can't believe she could
raise her brother properly with this.
I've been a spy for many years now.
And I, having completed
various kinds of missions...
...am almost at my wits'
end for the first time.
This isn't working.
We can't pass the interview like this.
Maybe we should give up.
Please think of your late wife's will, Loid!
Looks like it's still too early
for a mock interview.
All right, let's go for a walk.
We need to broaden our horizons, learn
the common sense in an upper-class family,
and create a common understanding
between the three of us.
A wok, a wok!
Lalalala~
It's a walk.
Mother, want to hold hands?
O-Okay, then.
Thank goodness they could get along well.
I've already had a plan in mind.
By the end of the day,
people should only see us as a normal,
or rather, a good,
perfectly fine, family.
She reminds me of my brother
when he was still small and cute...
I remember I used to
break two of his ribs...
...when I tried hugging
my brother a long time ago.
Heheh... I need to be careful...
Huh?
What?
Did I speak too soon?
B-By the way, where are we going?
I've got various of tickets from my work.
Eden Academy is steeped
in tradition and prestige.
We must become more
cultured in first-class stuff...
...to keep up our appearances at any moment.
All right! Onto the next one!
Anya.
Keep your voice down here, okay?
Yep.
After being exposed to first-class music,
we must also become more cultured
in first-class art to (REDACTED).
Father! She's butt naked!
Head chopped, body chopped.
I told you to keep
your voice down here...
Yor...?
Yo—
Anya wants to do that!
A drawing corner, huh? Go ahead.
Why don't we take a rest, Yor?
Sure.
Anya's home is a big castle~
The boss of the secret
organization is Director Chimera~
Father's a spy~
Pew, pew~
Mother's an assassin~
Slash, slash, whoosh~
Shall we go now?
Okay.
It's done!
Time to go, Anya.
They'll find out about
my power if they see this!
Hm? Oh, that's a big drawing.
There's a pig in the middle of the forest.
It's Chimera living in a castle!
Oh, okay.
But that Bondman is obvious.
Am I right?
Y-Yep...
It's the spy show from last week, right?
So this witch-looking woman is the princess?
That's kind of gruesome.
That's a cute cat, though.
It's a dog!
Oh, my bad.
We're going to the tailor next.
I'm sorry for taking your day-off...
We all need this, so don't worry.
Anya's formal wear is so cute!
It fits Anya well!
This shop is the best!
It's Anya's favourite!
Thank you.
I'm going for a wok with
this dress for the first time...
Today's a day of celebration, then.
Celebration of the wok!
Then, why don't we
drop by the photo studio later?
Please come here, Yor.
Okay.
I think this colour works best
for a semi-formal wear.
What do you think?
I prefer my dress in black or red.
Really?
I think this'll suit you well, though...
Then, what about this?
Judging from her luggage when we moved in,
I thought she couldn't
care less about her outfit...
So you have a preference
for your outfit's overall colour?
Ah, it's not like that...
It looks so pretty,
but if I were to wear it for my job,
the splattered blood would stand out...
Looks like Yor found a good man.
I hope they last long.
Though If I were her,
I wouldn't marry a single father.
Looks like we can have more
outfits done before the interview.
I'm sorry for having you order so many...
You look good in anything
other than black and red.
And we'll be going for
more walks from now, too.
A wok, a wok!
That tailor is your go-to shop, right?
We'll be visiting them again next time,
so we must tell the owner
about our marriage by then, right?
You're right!
The Nationalist Party
shall take a course of peace...
...in negotiating with the West.
- Eden Academy has also been active
- You idiot!
- in patriotic education.
- We should just kill all the Westerns!
- We must also be cultured
- in politics and history...
Get out of here, you traitor!
My family was killed by the West!
Enough with the lip-service...
What's wrong?
Anya hates this kind of place...
Sorry. Is it a bit scary for you?
Why don't we rest somewhere?
Father, I'm hungry.
Huh?
Weren't you feeling sick earlier?
Hey, Anya. Don't just eat the peanuts.
Also, don't use your bare hand to eat.
Yor, you're... Uh...
I've been a spy for many years now.
And I, having completed
various kinds of missions...
...am almost at my wits' end once again.
Don't worry about it, Father.
About what?!
I knew I'd picked the wrong people for this.
No, I shouldn't have relied
on someone else in the first place.
I shouldn't have left the
success or failure of the mission...
...to the value judgments of others,
especially amateurs.
It's an ironclad rule of espionage
to anticipate and prepare...
...for every eventuality and to
act on the basis of careful planning.
Which means listing every
single possible question,
and having them both memorize...
...the perfect answer to each one.
Or I could just...
Um...
Loid.
Why don't we go outside
for a change of pace?
People are like trash.
Where did you learn that?
Animations.
Huh...
I didn't know there was
a park on the outskirts of the town.
I only come here every once in a while.
Whenever I get tired after work,
I find myself here...
And when I think that what I'm
doing benefits everyone living here...
It fuels me to do my best again...
Ah, I'm sorry! It must be boring here!
Anya loves this place
more than a crowded one!
That's great, then!
Help! A pickpocket!
What a careless old lady...
Not on my watch!
Hold it right there!
Ugh, looks like I have no choice.
I lost him already...
Are you hurt, Ma'am?
Don't worry, it's just a scratch.
I'll make sure to catch him,
and take you to a hospital later!
Oh, thank you.
Oh, I left those two behind...
He's blended in with the crowd...
I feel bad for Yor,
but there's no way I can find him like this.
Sheesh, I'm famished!
So expensive...
- Wow, so cute!
- Oh, shoot! I'm leaking!
- Wow, it's so cute!
- My legs hurt...
If only a million dalc
would fall form the sky...
Oh, I forgot to pay rent!
Guess I should hit on her.
Hey...
There you go again...
Heh... That old hag was
really stuffing a lot, huh!
Father!
What's up?
I want to eat a cake!
Huh?
We just ate at a restaurant, though...
Hm?
That guy...
He may have changed his outfit,
but he can't change his walking habit.
- You think you can fool me with that?
- Loid!
Mother's here!
Yor, take care of Anya!
I can lie low for a while with this.
Gotta grab me a nice meal first...
All you'll be getting...
...is a foul meal.
A spy...
Can't stand out...
Uhh...This guy's a pickpocket,
so could someone please call the police?
Thank you for taking me here
and returning my wallet.
I wanted to use the money
to buy my grandchild a present.
Thank you for your help!
Ah, not at all...
The one who took it back was... my husband.
No...
I wouldn't have gone after him
had it not been for Yor.
Thank you, Mister!
What a good man you are!
Uhh... Like I said...
You're all heroes in the shadows.
Your heroic actions
will never see the light of day.
Thank you so much.
Well, I guess it won't hurt
to be thanked by someone sometimes.
You're really a shy one, Father.
Thank you, Yor.
Today was a nice change of pace.
I'll be able to do my best
at work with this.
Father and Mother flirting?
No way!
You don't want to thank Anya too?
Right.
Thanks to your hefty stomach,
we could catch the bad guy.
Good girl.
What a lovely family you are, eh?
Here. Have a candy.
Candy!
Don't forget to say thank you.
The wok's over!
What a long day.
Mother!
Anya wants to drink cocoa!
As you wish.
Hey, if you're free,
let's have another mock interview.
Okay, Miss Anya.
What do you do on the weekends?
I watch an opera show, go to
an art gallery, and eat at a restaurant!
Yes!
Exactly that!
If they ask you this,
just answer it like that.
All right, onto the next question.
You saw your friend doing something bad.
What would you do?
I'd jump upon them, finish them,
and feed them a foul meal.
Uh, I'd appreciate it
if you'd just forget that...
Ugh... Maybe we should just give up.
But you were so cool, Father!
You really were!
Bam!
A foul meal!
Cocoa is the best...
What a lovely family you are, eh?
If people think that way of us...
I guess I could say we're about 1% of
the way through our preparations.
Fighting with each other
'Til almost everything was in ruins
On this mischievous planet
I've been an outsider
since the day I was born
My tears have run dry
The place I'm going back to is in my dreams
I met you
where I came spilling out
You with all your secrets
Pretending to be normal
I'd given up searching
for a place where I belong
Only to find out I had to
create one for myself all along
We made a deal that day
Thicker than blood
A pact from heart to heart
Shall we hold hands and head home?
What should we eat tonight?
"Here's what happened today"
That's what I wanted to talk to you about
Any and every day is
A comedy with you
Dancing on a creaking bed
Rolling around in laughter
We'll keep on with our
ridiculous everyday life
(Mission: 4 - An Interview
at a Prestigious School)